I mean, they left Odessa in about 1903 as a result of her eldest sister witnessing the beheading of her husband.
It was a wretched scenario.
Can you say more about that?
I will, because it was part of my life as a child.
Aunt Bella, who was a very, very beautiful woman, I've seen photographs of her as a young woman, and she was strikingly beautiful, had married a Cossack, a non-Jew, who was apparently also, in fact, I've got some photographs of their offspring in that book, which you will see later.
And the Cossacks did not want their people to marry Jews.
So to make an example, he was beheaded in their cellar in front of her when she was carrying Grisha, who was then about five months pregnant, she was.
And she graphically told me the story of how she spoke with a very Russian accent.
They held his head, and he had long, beautiful hair, and they had a huge scimitar, and fush, and the head came off, and the blood bent up to the ceiling, all over me.
I was carrying Grisha.
Little, little ladle sitting on her lap, aged about five, heard this story so many times.
I got used to it.
It was quite something.
I think this was the final straw, which said, get the hell out.
There was going all the way back, and we could pretend to go here from this catastrophe-
Shoot the bolt!
Say it to you every minute or this time.
Don't forget the base, and then maybe I can share my head right in front of yourself.
There were gonna be aft被 boy with ear in front of his neck and neck and teeth.
And we can't be, I really, really, really aaah!
Oh, and I've got a cev prick.